# Frequently Asked Questions
---

## How long does it take for my application to be accepted/denied?

?> Applications can sometimes take up to 3-4 days to be accepted. This is because the Application process goes through a
scrutinous process in order the get the best level of Character Design and RP from players. Application Handlers are
also (like all members of Staff) volunteers and therefore personal circumstances mean applications may take longer than
normal to be processed.

## Is VC (Voice Chat) allowed?

?> Lockdown is a text-based ONLY Roleplay Server. Whilst there are indeed VC channels, the use of VC to roleplay with
other players whilst playing on the server is not allowed. Feel free to use the VC channels to chit-chat, chill, share
music and watch videos/films.

## Is 'grinding' allowed?.

*(= When a player focuses solely on a certain skill to get it maxed as soon as possible)*

?> At Lockdown, we promote Realistic Roleplay. (psst, it's even one of our Rules!) And we discourage 'grinding'.

## What if a player really upsets me or is offensive?

?> Please do not suffer any sort of bullying or harrasment in silence. Members of Staff are here to help - so please
feel free to open a Support ticket and explain the situation you feel you are in. If you encounter problems with a
member of Staff, please contact an admin or community manager directly.

## What if an In-Character (IC) situation upsets me or does not go the way I wanted?

?> Firstly, take a good look at our Server Guides channel. Specifically, 'Bleed and How to Avoid it' and 'Accepting
Character Death'. These guides are written by Players, for the Players - and they come from experience and meaning.
Secondly, please remember that Lockdown RP is just a game and the players behind the characters you meet are real
people, just like you. Finally, Roleplaying is a dynamic, organic and unpredictable - so what happens can be (and
sometimes will be) out of your hands. Roll with the punches.

## Why does the message "Workshop item different than server's" appear when I try and join the server?

?> It's simple. A mod has been updated; but the server hasn't processed it yet. A server restart will fix the issue.
Either use the /vote_restart command in the bot-commands channel on Discord, or flag down a Warden or Moderator, to
restart it! Alternatively, you can wait for Corvus to detect the update and restart the server automatically, though
this can take a variable amount of (short) time.

## How will I know when my application has been accepted?

?> When your application has either been accepted or denied; you will receive a DM (Direct Message) from our friendly
bot called Corvus via Discord. If you have been accepted then you will receive a welcome message, some important
information to get you started and your account details (account name and password).

## My application was denied. What do I do now?

?> Do not worry!! Your application might've been denied for any number of reasons. You may not have answered a question
regarding rules correctly, or without enough detail; your character idea might need reviewing and tweaking in order to
make it more realistic and within our guidelines; or your simply might've forgotten that your previous character was in
fact a limited archetype. Whatever the reason(s) - do not hesitate to reach out to other players and mentors in the
roleplay-help channel on Discord. There's plenty of friendly people in there who have excellent experience and are happy
to help. If you're feeling a little shy then submit a Lore Ticket with your query via the Ticket channel on Discord and
a member of Staff will help.

## I've hit a mental brick wall and I need help with ideas for my character and their story line. Help?!

?> Here at Lockdown RP we strive at helping one another out and our player base has a wealth of knowledge and experience
when it comes to role playing. Feel free to reach out to a Roleplay Mentor via the roleplay-help channel on Discord and
someone will more-than-likely have an answer or at least talk to you about it. But, if you are feeling a little burnout
from RP, then do not worry - you aren't the first and probably won't be the last. Everyone puts a lot of thought,
emotion, personal experience, and investment into their characters and feeling burnt out can be an effect of this. It is
fine and normal to get this feeling! So, make sure to take plenty of breaks. But ultimately, your experience and
enjoyment on the server is what matter most!

## I'm unable to get my characters skill past certain levels. Why?

?> Here at Lockdown we use a mod called Skill Limiter. This mod adds a skill cap based on your chosen profession and
traits. It is used to create a realistic character base where certain characters have certain skills - creating the
potential need to RP with other players so that your characters get tasks done, ask for help from one another, etc...
There are four "tiers" of skill cap, dependent on the total level added by your profession and traits. Tier 1 (which is
0 levels added) will cap at skill level 5; Tier 2 (which is 1 level added) will cap out at skill level 7; Tier 3 (which
is 2 levels added) will cap out at skill level 9; and Tier 4 (which is 3 levels added) will cap out at a maximum level
of 10.
For example, if you create a character and choose a profession that gives +2 Axe and chose a Trait that gives +1
Carpentry - you would only be able to reach level 9 in the Axe skill and level 7 in the Carpentry skill. Traits do
stack, so adding another trait with +1 Carpentry would let you reach level 9 in Carpentry skill.
Strength and Fitness are uncapped.

## I just spent weeks playing a character and they died. Can they be revived please?!

?> Yes, but only if you still have a Close-Call Token. This token can only be used once per season/anthology and only
once per play - meaning that if you used a token on one character, it can't be used on another during the same
season/anthology. Please refer to section 2.18 on the Server Rules website for more details.